UNIT FILE                                   STATE   
abrt-ccpp.service                           enabled 
abrt-oops.service                           enabled 
abrt-pstoreoops.service                     disabled
abrt-vmcore.service                         enabled 
abrt-xorg.service                           enabled 
abrtd.service                               enabled 
accounts-daemon.service                     enabled 
alsa-restore.service                        static  
alsa-state.service                          static  
alsa-store.service                          static  
anaconda-direct.service                     static  
anaconda-nm-config.service                  static  
anaconda-noshell.service                    static  
anaconda-shell@.service                     static  
anaconda-sshd.service                       static  
anaconda-tmux@.service                      static  
anaconda.service                            static  
arp-ethers.service                          disabled
atd.service                                 enabled 
auditd.service                              enabled 
auth-rpcgss-module.service                  static  
autovt@.service                             disabled
avahi-daemon.service                        enabled 
blk-availability.service                    disabled
bluetooth.service                           enabled 
brandbot.service                            static  
brltty.service                              disabled
canberra-system-bootup.service              disabled
canberra-system-shutdown-reboot.service     disabled
canberra-system-shutdown.service            disabled
chrony-dnssrv@.service                      static  
chrony-wait.service                         disabled
chronyd.service                             enabled 
colord.service                              static  
configure-printer@.service                  static  
console-getty.service                       disabled
console-shell.service                       disabled
container-getty@.service                    static  
cpupower.service                            disabled
crond.service                               enabled 
cups-browsed.service                        disabled
cups.service                                enabled 
dbus-org.bluez.service                      enabled 
dbus-org.fedoraproject.FirewallD1.service   enabled 
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service          enabled 
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service      static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service        static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service         static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.machine1.service       static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service  enabled 
dbus-org.freedesktop.network1.service       invalid 
dbus-org.freedesktop.NetworkManager.service enabled 
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service  enabled 
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service      static  
dbus.service                                static  
debug-shell.service                         disabled
display-manager.service                     enabled 
dm-event.service                            disabled
dmraid-activation.service                   enabled 
dnsmasq.service                             disabled
dracut-cmdline.service                      static  
dracut-initqueue.service                    static  
dracut-mount.service                        static  
dracut-pre-mount.service                    static  
dracut-pre-pivot.service                    static  
dracut-pre-trigger.service                  static  
dracut-pre-udev.service                     static  
dracut-shutdown.service                     static  
ebtables.service                            disabled
emergency.service                           static  
fcoe.service                                disabled
firewalld.service                           enabled 
firstboot-graphical.service                 disabled
fprintd.service                             static  
fstrim.service                              static  
gdm.service                                 enabled 
geoclue.service                             static  
getty@.service                              enabled 
gssproxy.service                            disabled
halt-local.service                          static  
hypervfcopyd.service                        disabled
hypervkvpd.service                          enabled 
hypervvssd.service                          enabled 
initial-setup-graphical.service             disabled
initial-setup-text.service                  disabled
initrd-cleanup.service                      static  
initrd-parse-etc.service                    static  
initrd-switch-root.service                  static  
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service           static  
instperf.service                            static  
iprdump.service                             disabled
iprinit.service                             disabled
iprupdate.service                           disabled
ipsec.service                               disabled
irqbalance.service                          enabled 
iscsi-shutdown.service                      static  
iscsi.service                               enabled 
iscsid.service                              disabled
iscsiuio.service                            disabled
kdump.service                               enabled 
kmod-static-nodes.service                   static  
ksm.service                                 enabled 
ksmtuned.service                            enabled 
ldconfig.service                            static  
libstoragemgmt.service                      enabled 
libvirt-guests.service                      disabled
libvirtd.service                            enabled 
lldpad.service                              disabled
lvm2-lvmetad.service                        disabled
lvm2-lvmpolld.service                       disabled
lvm2-monitor.service                        enabled 
lvm2-pvscan@.service                        static  
mdadm-grow-continue@.service                static  
mdadm-last-resort@.service                  static  
mdmon@.service                              static  
mdmonitor.service                           enabled 
messagebus.service                          static  
microcode.service                           enabled 
ModemManager.service                        enabled 
multipathd.service                          enabled 
netcf-transaction.service                   disabled
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service           enabled 
NetworkManager-wait-online.service          disabled
NetworkManager.service                      enabled 
nfs-blkmap.service                          disabled
nfs-config.service                          static  
nfs-idmap.service                           static  
nfs-idmapd.service                          static  
nfs-lock.service                            static  
nfs-mountd.service                          static  
nfs-secure-server.service                   static  
nfs-secure.service                          static  
nfs-server.service                          disabled
nfs-utils.service                           static  
nfs.service                                 disabled
nfslock.service                             static  
ntpdate.service                             disabled
numad.service                               disabled
oddjobd.service                             disabled
packagekit-offline-update.service           static  
packagekit.service                          static  
plymouth-halt.service                       disabled
plymouth-kexec.service                      disabled
plymouth-poweroff.service                   disabled
plymouth-quit-wait.service                  disabled
plymouth-quit.service                       disabled
plymouth-read-write.service                 disabled
plymouth-reboot.service                     disabled
plymouth-start.service                      disabled
plymouth-switch-root.service                static  
polkit.service                              static  
postfix.service                             enabled 
psacct.service                              disabled
qemu-guest-agent.service                    enabled 
quotaon.service                             static  
radvd.service                               disabled
rc-local.service                            static  
rdisc.service                               disabled
rdma.service                                disabled
realmd.service                              static  
rescue.service                              static  
rhel-autorelabel-mark.service               static  
rhel-autorelabel.service                    static  
rhel-configure.service                      static  
rhel-dmesg.service                          disabled
rhel-domainname.service                     disabled
rhel-import-state.service                   static  
rhel-loadmodules.service                    static  
rhel-readonly.service                       static  
rngd.service                                enabled 
rpc-gssd.service                            static  
rpc-statd-notify.service                    static  
rpc-statd.service                           static  
rpc-svcgssd.service                         static  
rpcbind.service                             static  
rpcgssd.service                             static  
rpcidmapd.service                           static  
rpcsvcgssd.service                          static  
rsyncd.service                              disabled
rsyncd@.service                             static  
rsyslog.service                             enabled 
rtkit-daemon.service                        enabled 
saslauthd.service                           disabled
serial-getty@.service                       disabled
smartd.service                              enabled 
speech-dispatcherd.service                  disabled
spice-vdagentd.service                      enabled 
sshd-keygen.service                         static  
sshd.service                                enabled 
sshd@.service                               static  
sysstat.service                             enabled 
systemd-ask-password-console.service        static  
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service       static  
systemd-ask-password-wall.service           static  
systemd-backlight@.service                  static  
systemd-binfmt.service                      static  
systemd-bootchart.service                   disabled
systemd-firstboot.service                   static  
systemd-fsck-root.service                   static  
systemd-fsck@.service                       static  
systemd-halt.service                        static  
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service           static  
systemd-hibernate.service                   static  
systemd-hostnamed.service                   static  
systemd-hwdb-update.service                 static  
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service                static  
systemd-initctl.service                     static  
systemd-journal-catalog-update.service      static  
systemd-journal-flush.service               static  
systemd-journald.service                    static  
systemd-kexec.service                       static  
systemd-localed.service                     static  
systemd-logind.service                      static  
systemd-machine-id-commit.service           static  
systemd-machined.service                    static  
systemd-modules-load.service                static  
systemd-nspawn@.service                     disabled
systemd-poweroff.service                    static  
systemd-quotacheck.service                  static  
systemd-random-seed.service                 static  
systemd-readahead-collect.service           enabled 
systemd-readahead-done.service              static  
systemd-readahead-drop.service              enabled 
systemd-readahead-replay.service            enabled 
systemd-reboot.service                      static  
systemd-remount-fs.service                  static  
systemd-rfkill@.service                     static  
systemd-shutdownd.service                   static  
systemd-suspend.service                     static  
systemd-sysctl.service                      static  
systemd-timedated.service                   static  
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service              static  
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service          static  
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service              static  
systemd-udev-settle.service                 static  
systemd-udev-trigger.service                static  
systemd-udevd.service                       static  
systemd-update-done.service                 static  
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service        static  
systemd-update-utmp.service                 static  
systemd-user-sessions.service               static  
systemd-vconsole-setup.service              static  
tcsd.service                                disabled
teamd@.service                              static  
tuned.service                               enabled 
udisks2.service                             static  
unbound-anchor.service                      static  
upower.service                              disabled
usbmuxd.service                             static  
virtlockd.service                           static  
vmtoolsd.service                            enabled 
wacom-inputattach@.service                  static  
wpa_supplicant.service                      disabled
zram.service                                static  

254 unit files listed.
